From Vietnam, we are here with two outstanding people,
If you are brave, please ask Vietnam to dump you for some goods in the back room.
But who knows you?
The more you seek, the more you spend your life talking about swords,
Except for important military matters, you can just ask the TV,
I'll give it to you, it's your turn to try.
Vietnam, you go back to the middle of the body,
But, you are thinking too much.
This is what Qin Hui asked you to ask.
Grandma, I don't know.
One of the private back rooms,
It has nothing to do with his strongman Qin Hui.
If it is sent by the Qing Club
Others can also take the two of us
Treat it as the fearlessness that belongs in your heart
From now on only its
Then tell me
Why would I fight hundreds of miles?
Then I dare you to say it.
It was the Song Dynasty that took Chi Ri
The Great Song State Guards and the Song Dynasty
There's nothing like winning back two
So you haven’t decided to write it down
Jin Kang’s fate is still pending
The ministers hate and cause destruction
First, Lu Lu sent me to the Song Dynasty
Generals of the Song Dynasty
Guarding the country
Look at Wei Zhong, it turns out to be Sin Eye
The envoy of the Song Dynasty wanted to be implicated and mismanaged
I'm resigned to it